Hey look come closer
he's already in there turn it right okay
look at me getting up come over here
again just come over here no need it
alright I'm kicking this now the
kickstand up it needs to be up before
you can I've no idea what happened here
what is this gosh alright girl are you
making of it making a video yeah if they
ride all right all right all right yeah
yeah all right yeah it's a kill switch
okay right now it's off you have this on
like that to start it yes okay that's
that's on you hold the clutch in okay
okay this is the clutch and look back at
this all right
that see that with the UM this is the ax
starter okay come on Oh button right
here
this is like a throttle right now to
throttle and what is it like it on the
lawn mower goes from turtle the I did it
you know I mean it's a throttle yeah
yeah yeah they go pump and you just pull
this out
I'll give us a cold day I got nice help
starting yeah there's three notches you
can take them out as far as you want
today we could only need one notch we
don't know exactly but do y'all families
look out to difference in what it sounds
like
oh that is not stupid back down to zero
turn it off come up here all right press
select okay this is um that's the time
right there there are you see that black
bar there are like five bars
that's your gas gauge when we get
someone like it is now that means you're
low on gas when I search the flash means
need to refill it okay this is the
odometer 19152 miles okay trip eh it's
just at nine thousand five hundred
ninety nine point four so this is this
is how many miles I wrote on it
personally oh okay it's almost nine six
hundred miles and how much that means
trip a and trip B you can erase them by
pressing adjust yeah please do not erase
my trip Bay because there's just my
personal knowledge I'm not going to but
um you just showed a guy that just make
sure mom do not erase my mom tell them
to watch this video yeah yeah and so
trip a is like um it just calculates
your knowledge you can erase trip a but
keep trip beyond and you'll see the
total it's all about mileage it's just
like showing you how far like you go to
grocery store you see all memory yeah
whatever
okay um always put your kickstand back
down
I got the battery change a few months
ago back in November and a bit brake
fluid change too so it's all good on
that windshield really easy to take off
you just need an Allen wrench okay
uh-huh
right here these two notches right here
get in close
come on and you see this these two
screws right here okay you need an Allen
wrench you can just take him out same on
the other side this usually takes a
couple minutes just to take the Henschel
out for the back off yeah that's
basically it
these you can use for um saddlebag ends
or these are what keeps the settle bags
from hitting your will making you die
and you know keeping it up it's also
suppressive like you don't want your
saddlebags drooping and hitting this
tube because you know it'll burn to your
exhaust pipes um oh I can't think
anything else so that's it for now okay